Update biosy 05.2025 (#1594)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/w/vic-golden.md

At [Hardcore Friday: Barszcz z Krzesłami](@/e/ppw/2024-12-06-ppw-hardcore-friday-barszcz-z-krzeslami.md) in December 2024 Gabriel won a Gauntlet Match, which resulted in [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) - dressed as Santa - gifting him a contract to face the [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) at [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md).
With Golden in his corner, Queen failed to capture the championship, due to time-out.

> At [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md) Pure Gold teamed up against Gustav and [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md). The match resulted in Gustav and Isnorr's defeat after Vic Golden pinned Isnorr. Nevertheless, it was Gustav's first loss during his title reign, and Gabriel challenged Gryffin for a rematch at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md). The match was set up in a Two Out Of Three Falls stipulation and during the fight, just before Gabriel Queen went for the second pinfall and victory, Vic Golden struck him with a chair, allowing Gustav to retain. This led Vic to become one of the most hated wrestlers on the Polish wrestling scene. At [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md) he made an unannounced appearance where he once again struck Gabriel with a chair after his victory over [Oskar Aleksander](@/w/oskar-aleksander.md). After that he cut a short promo, blaming Queen for the break-up of Pure Gold and challenged him for a match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md) Pure Gold teamed up against Gustav and [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md). The match resulted in Gustav and Isnorr's defeat after Vic Golden pinned Isnorr. Nevertheless, it was Gustav's first loss during his title reign, and Gabriel challenged Gryffin for a rematch at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md). The match was set up in a Two Out Of Three Falls stipulation, and during the fight, just before Gabriel Queen went for the second pinfall and victory, Vic Golden struck him with a chair, allowing Gustav to retain. 
This betrayal turned Vic into one of the most hated heels on the Polish wrestling scene. At [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md) he made an unannounced appearance, once again attacking Gabriel with a chair after his victory over [Oskar Aleksander](@/w/oskar-aleksander.md). After that he cut a short promo, blaming Queen for the break-up of Pure Gold and challenged him for a match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md).
```
